we're gonna play a game it's called
never have I ever and here's how it
works I'm gonna ask a series of
questions please pass these down take
one pass down and I'll play along with
you I'm going to ask a question and we
will all answer I have or I have never
and the first one is never ever have I
been to a nude beach
all right we never ever have I been
arrested
never ever have I gotten a tattoo that I
regret never ever have I joined the
mile-high club
never ever I have I lied to get a job
never ever have I gotten out of a
speeding ticket by being a celebrity
never ever have I forgotten the name of
a date like like while you're with them
I don't understand that
well let's get all your with them that
would be really horrific never ever have
I seen one of my Mordecai's co-stars
naked
never ever have I lied on a talk show
never ever have I sexted yeah no I
haven't done that Wow
never ever have I said a baby was cute
when it was obviously ugly